-moved to google drive


setup for all test
I. clear cookies
II.make sure you have a site set up for one of the qa accounts

1.(for final depoyment) 
I. open a site with one question in window A.
II.  open a site with one question in window B. Answer the question in window B 'yes'.
III. Answer the question in window A 'yes'.
IV. the yes count for the question should go up two.
2. (for final depoyment)
I. make sure you have a site with one question.
II.deactivate the question.
III. make sure it doesn't show on the site.
IV. reactivate the question.
V. make sure it shows on the site.
3. (for demo and final depoyment)
I. Create a new question.
II. look at it's results page. (the counts should be zero)
III. vote yes on the question.
IV. look at it's results page. (the yes count should be 1, the no count should be 0)
V. vote no on the question.
VI. look at it's results page. (the counts should both be 1)
VII. delete the question
4.(for final depoyment)
I. embed in a page with an onLoad
II. refresh page. The question should show and the page shouldn't be broken.
5. (for final depoyment)
I. create new user
II. create a new site for that user
III. create a new question
IV. embed in page and point at new site
V. load page. A question should appear.
VI. Vote on the question.
VII. look at the question's results page. one of the counts should be  one.
VIII. delete the question, site, and user.
6. (for final depoyment)
I. Edit a question
7. (for final depoyment)
I. load a page in the site. leave the question up.
II. switch to another window and edit the question.
III.switch back to the site. vote on the question. 
IV. look at the admin page. The question should have the edited wording and the count should up by 1.
8.(for final depoyment)
I. turn off debug mode for the site if on
II. answer questions on the site, you should never get the same one twice
9. (for final depoyment)
for each distribution platform
I. create complex page using that platform (i.e. Install a lot of plugins)
II. note how it's working
III. install userballot plugin
IV. everything should work the same as step II and there should be a question at the bottom
10. (for final depoyment)
I. create a url targeted question
II. goto the site of url target question. the url targeted question should appear on that page and only on that page
11. (for final depoyment)
I. set up a site with two question
II. turn off debug mode if on
III. set the number of days between questions to one
IV. go to the site. a question should apper
V. answer the question then reload the page a another question shouldn't apper
VI. wait a day
VII. go to the site. a question should apper
12. 
I. set up a site with two questions
II. goto the site note the color of the userballot question
III. change the color in the admin panel
IV. goto the site the color of the userballot question should be the new color
13. 
I. goto the account admin and pay for a plan(may use any fake payment Stripe provides)
II. the account should be a plan
III. reverse any charges that happened
14.
I. goto the site a question should apper
II. clear cookies
III. install mute cookie
IV. goto the site a question shouldn't apper
--misc QA--
test login (for demo and final depoyment)
test registration (for final depoyment)
test embed (for demo and final depoyment)
add a question (for final depoyment)
test voting (for demo and final depoyment)
view results of a question (for demo and final depoyment)
deactivate a question (for final depoyment)
reactivate a question (for final depoyment)
